---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cruiser_envoy_cluster Resource - cruiser"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Envoy Cluster Resource
---

# cruiser_envoy_cluster (Resource)

Envoy Cluster Resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the cluster. This name must match the name used in the Envoy proxy configuration.

### Optional

- `cluster_discovery_type` (String) The type of discovery service that will be used to discover cluster members. Valid values are `EDS`, `STATIC`, `STRICT_DNS`, `LOGICAL_DNS` and `ORIGINAL_DST`.
- `connect_timeout` (String) The timeout for new network connections to hosts in the cluster. If not specified, the default is 5s.
- `dns_lookup_family` (String) The DNS resolver to use for hostname resolution. Valid values are `V4_ONLY`, `V6_ONLY`, `V4_PREFERRED`, `ALL` and `AUTO`.
- `eds_cluster_config` (Attributes) The configuration for the EDS cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--eds_cluster_config))
- `enable_tls_transport` (Boolean) Whether to enable TLS transport for the cluster.
- `lb_policy` (String) The load balancing policy for the cluster. Valid values are `ROUND_ROBIN`, `LEAST_REQUEST`, `RANDOM`, `RING_HASH`, `MAGLEV`, `CLUSTER_PROVIDED`, `LOAD_BALANCING_POLICY_CONFIG`.
- `protocol_options` (Attributes) The protocol options for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol_options))

### Read-Only

- `proto_json` (String) The Envoy Cluster Resource in JSON format

<a id="nestedatt--eds_cluster_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `eds_cluster_config`

Required:

- `service_name` (String) The name of the service to load balance. This name must match the name used in the Envoy proxy configuration.

Optional:

- `api_type` (String) The API type to use. Valid values are `GRPC`, `REST`, `DELTA_GRPC`, `AGGREGATED_GRPC` and `AGGREGATED_DELTA_GRPC`.
- `envoy_grpc_cluster_name` (String) The name of the Envoy gRPC cluster.
- `resource_api` (String) The resource API version to use. Valid values are `AUTO`, `V2` and `V3`.
- `set_node_on_first_message_only` (Boolean) Whether to set the node on the first message only.
- `transport_api_version` (String) The transport API version to use. Valid values are `AUTO`, `V2` and `V3`.


<a id="nestedatt--protocol_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol_options`

Optional:

- `enable_http1` (Boolean) Whether to enable HTTP/1.1.
- `enable_http2` (Boolean) Whether to enable HTTP/2.
- `http2_max_concurrent_streams` (Number) The maximum number of concurrent HTTP/2 streams.
